How do you find your purpose is an
inherently stressful thought, especially
if you're having it a lot. And in this
video, I'm going to tell you my story of
trying to find my purpose and how I was
really stuck in my head and how it
wasn't working and how I learned just
being present with myself revealed the
answer I was always looking for.
To constantly be in the question of
like, how do I find my purpose? That's
an incredibly stressful question.
Typically, it's stressful because we're
looking for it from the wrong place. our
mind is searching for, but that's not
how you find your purpose. It's also
incredibly stressful to not be living in
your purpose. So, it's not only
stressful because you're searching for
it, but it's also stressful because
you're not doing it, you know, as it's
happening. So, let me let me tell you a
story. So, [snorts]
I was doing international stock lending.
It was 5:00 in the morning till like,
jeez, like 3:00 or 4 in the afternoon.
It was it was brutal. It yelling to
people over the phones. They put us in a
cage. They called it the cage which was
like the soundproof room.
And
I had this vision. I wanted to I wanted
to do art. And but I had to do this for
the money blah blah blah blah. And
at some point I like broke out in hives
from the stress. And I was like, "Yeah,
I'm not doing this anymore like this."
So I figured out how to live on le less
money and I had saved a lot. I'd been
really successful in stock lending and
so I saved enough money and I went on
this seven eightyear path to try to make
a living as an artist. You know I'm
going to do this thing and worked my
butt off did everything I could and I
ended up shooting um a television show.
So, I was trying to get into making
films and I found myself as an an
observing director on a television show
and
and I showed up and uh
within a week I'm I just saw, oh, this
is the exact same thing as international
stock lending. There's one person who
got to make all the calls. Everybody
there was working long hours. Everybody
there was miserable. Everybody there
wanted to be in a different position
than they were in. The star of the
television show said, "Every time I come
to the show, it feels like a little part
of my soul is being taken from me." It
dawned on me, I am
running away from the same thing that I
was running to. And I had no idea that
that's what was happening.
And it was in the search for purpose
that all this was occurring.
Okay, let's get into an experiment.
In this experiment, we're just going to
do some visualization. So, I want you to
get yourself comfortable and close your
eyes.
And I want you to imagine
imagine something that you do every day.
Maybe it's having a meeting or it's
programming or it's talking to your
wife.
and ask yourself,
how do I live this moment in my purpose?
And visualize yourself
being in your purpose while you're
working at your desk or while you're in
the meeting or while you're talking to
your husband.
See what it's like
to be in your purpose in that moment.
And now imagine a big deal. One of those
big deal moments where you're making a
big pitch or you're asking for a raise
or you're
trying to invent something new.
And I want you to be in your purpose
while you're doing it.
What is it like to be in your purpose
during those big moments?
How do you find your purpose in this
moment right now?
Not in the what, but in the how.
How do you right now even do this
experiment
with that sense of purpose?
That's the experiment. And now your job
is to take this experiment into your
daily life. Think about how you do
whatever you're doing today, tomorrow,
the next day from that sense of purpose
and bring that into your consciousness
five, six times a day. Use a reminder
system if you need to and just
constantly be asking yourself in this
moment, how do I live in my purpose?
I I made present being present being in
the now. I think I I think I had read
like Echar Tol's power [music] of now
some other things everybody was pointing
to like oh be present be in the now be
present be in the now and I made it into
a chore. I made it into something to do.
It was some step that I had to take to
get somewhere. And I thought, "Oh, well,
so if I if that's a search for purpose
in my mind, how do how else can I search
for purpose?" And I thought, "Oh, I'm
gonna search for for purpose from my
heart. How do and how do I do that?" And
then I was talking to somebody about it
and they said this, which is the coolest
thing, right? They said, "Okay, then
stop being present."
[snorts]
It totally It totally messed with my
head. [gasps] I'm trying not to swear
what I want to say. It totally
with me, but it totally messed with my
head cuz I couldn't do it. I couldn't
stop being present. All this thing that
I was trying to do to be present and
then I couldn't stop it. And it just
flipped my whole brain. It it it stopped
being about, oh, I have to be present
and just started being about noticing
[music]
that I'm present.
How do I
do whatever I'm doing with my sense of
purpose? because I can identify it in
the moment really easily if I'm living
to my purpose or not. No matter what I'm
doing, whether I'm picking up trash for
a living or whether I'm the president of
the United States, how I do it is more
of an expression of my purpose than what
I'm doing. The other huge piece was
I don't know. I can't know what my
purpose is. I can only find it. I can
have an idea of it, but I until I dunk
and land in that thing, I'm not going to
recognize it. So, what I started doing
was just saying yes to anything that
intrigued me. I just was like, "Yep, I'm
going to do that. Yes, I'm going to do
that. Yes, I'm going to do that." And
all of a sudden, my time was too too
full. I couldn't do everything that I
was being asked to do. And so then I
just did the most enjoyable stuff. And
it went from whatever I was doing to
making large-scale video art
installations to working for a big
family office to being a venture
capitalist to running a philanthropy
doing those two things at the same time.
And it I just kept on saying yes to the
stuff that felt the best. And then when
I was a venture capitalist, what felt
the best was coaching people into into
the person they wanted to be that they
were actually. It's not even what they
wanted to be, but to help people find
the success that they wanted and be the
person that they were meant to be. And
that was, wo, that feels great. I get to
do that every day now. But it wasn't
because I thought, I want to be a coach.
I didn't. As a matter of fact, it
took a lot to get me to teach the first
course. There was multiple people who
were pushing me into it cuz I was like,
h
but I said, oh yeah, yes, this is being
asked of me and yes, I see some things
that are fulfilling. Yes, I'll try that.
I'll try it one. Oh, wow. I really dig
this. That's how you find your purpose.
But to to search for it in your head,
it's just an impossibility. Just causes
stress. And to not live it. The amazing
thing for me was to realize how much
less stress I have now because I'm
living my purpose than when I I was
doing it before. Because before there
was this perpetual looking for
satisfaction.
And that's incredibly stressful.